Minor wording changes to be consistent across docs pages (#49)
rancher-sandbox/docs.rancherdesktop.io: docs/faq.md

#### **Q: Is Rancher Desktop a desktop version of Rancher?**

> **A:** While [Rancher](https://rancher.com/) and Rancher Desktop share the _Rancher_ name, they do different things. Rancher Desktop is not Rancher on the Desktop. Rancher is a powerful solution to manage Kubernetes clusters. Rancher Desktop provides a local Kubernetes and container management platform. The two solutions complement each other. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** While [Rancher](https://rancher.com/) and [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io/) share the _Rancher_ name, they do different things. Rancher Desktop is not Rancher on the Desktop. Rancher is a powerful solution to manage Kubernetes clusters. Rancher Desktop runs local Kubernetes and a container management platform. The two solutions complement each other. 
```
